Jim Holley Supercross live Supercross
online.com a good friend of mine Colleen
asks with asterisks Colleen you're busy
during the pits when the pits are open
the fans come in you're selling them
braces absolutely the riders and the
fans can come over and we can show them
how to use the braces the Astra sprays
has a patellar cuff that doesn't sit
right on the knee so it actually acts as
a protectant up and down you'll get a
bruise but you won't hurt the kneecap we
also are the only company with the
anti-rotation tether that goes to the
booth through the pants and what it does
if you catch a rock it brings your foot
into a natural standing position so
there's no rotating the knee out but
this one here you don't have to be
fitted for this one this one runs like
small medium and large and extra-large
that's correct that backs can be fitted
to different size so say you're a runner
or a bodybuilder the kneecap actually is
what we fit and then we can basically
sort of customize it for you depending
on what your calf and thigh sizes are to
fit you correctly me is the most
important thing they're all made out of
carbon fiber and we're also the only
brace that has a ball hinge instead of a
flat fixed hinge and this helps to keep
you moving against your natural muscles
and not tearing your muscles what does
something like this run say retail if
they were gonna come by I'm a fan I walk
up to you and I say hi I'm I'm in the
business I want to look for a knee brace
what would be the best knee brace for me
I would say this would be the best knee
brace it runs $5.99 a pair it does not
have a code for a doctor so you can't
get it through a prescription there are
some braces out there that you can
they'll help you with your medical
insurance these are not these are made
for the average rider as well as the
Supercross and outdoor national riders
now if I came in and said that's great
for me but I have a little kid he's 10
years old and I just got him a
motorcycle I'm really worried about his
knees can you help me first of all I
tell you were crazy and get more
insurance and then I would send you
right over to here we have that mini
it's called the germ because kids have
germs and it's basically the exact same
brace only it does have the flat fixed
hinge because their muscles aren't quite
all the way grown up yet so they don't
need it as much but it still has the
anti-rotation tether we have
small/medium is the same and then we
have large extra-large so they can go
all the way up to like twelve years old
depending on and then they'll go into
the small adult can you make this one
like you say my 8 year old or 10 year
old has this brace and he grows out of
it can can it get a little bit bigger I
mean it'll last him till he's 12
no kids have growth spurts and we can't
tell you how long and as long as the
velcro keeps expanding too there's
otherwise we'll get them in the correct
size the knee is the most important the
velcro will give you a couple of seasons
but the knee seems to expand when
they're little when you're an adult they
don't expand and you kind of stay the
same size even though your thighs get a
little bigger when you get older what
about the CTI brace you have those also
I saw on the left hand side over here
walked me over here and show me what
that CTI see how the customer already
the CTI does have a custom brace
everything on this side of the wall is
medically coded so you can get your
insurance to help you through this this
is their custom brace all carbon fiber
same thing the patellar cuff basically
the same thing it has velcro straps
instead of the one-piece back this is
what the next generation like the
children's you can go from extra extra
small down here still same thing
carbon-fiber Prem's
also they have this is the custom that's
called the off-the-shelf CTI too so if
you're not covered medically or you
don't really need something that rigid
you can get the off-the-shelf race they
can go to a website and look at what's
that website so people that are watching
this video can go there and look at it
this side of the wall is OS s you are Oh
sir comm and that is asterisk comm
behind us as simple as that calling Ashe
makes it real simple for me and her
husband actually works for Kawasaki is
one of the engineers over there working
on Ryan Villopoto and Timmy ferries
bikes so you keep it all in the family
on the family and I get to see him on
the weekends so it's good